"Resource transparency" should be "Resource utilization" - transparency sounds
like we are patting ourselves on the back for how progressive we are. That's
bullshit. 


Project chronology is short enough to the point where it is useless now. Just
remove it. 


We should remove the (I.e. is self-adjoint from appendix C)


I don't really like the "candidate residual" terminology. I would prefer to
talk in terms of an approximating operator, or perhaps a proxy operator, but if
candidate is the term used in the literature, we can use it if we just define
what candidate should be viewed as.

The division of labor is invented by LLMs. This is not how it happened. Humans
monitored LLM progress and asked questions, and provided framing, but the
humans directing the formalization were not experts on the subject, and could
only identify issues based on inconsistencies in LLM outputs.

Appendix B is specifying too many obvious details. Of course we used lake
build. We don't need to say it. We really shouldn't be referencing script
names.

The appendix A seems out of date wrt to the data that we've collected of first
person accounts. The text seems very LLMy in this section and needs to have its
cruft and details for the sake of details removed.


"The tool use and resource disclosure" is also egrandizing. This can be
tightened up significantly. You are also making claims here about what humans
did that you are inventing.

"Acknowledgement and funding disclosure" should just be Acknowledgements.


The current source facing sine theta staement is not a lean listing block. We
can discuss the problem of pinning down the ambiguity in what Davis and Kahan's
statement of the context is. That might be interesting. Note I think we are
being too agressive at maintaining a small page count. We still bias towards
it, but you can include the full lean signature when I ask for it and we have
room for it.


We often mention Theorm 8.1 or Section 2. I think in each instance we should
qualify that they belong to the DK paper, and not to this paper, otherwise it
is confusing if you are skimming the paper.


Formalization 1 caption needs to briefly describe the misalignment issue with
it. 


In section 4 you are claming that a human authors resolved disagreements, but
you are inventing that detail. It's sort of true though, I just don't like the
way it sounds, it sounds like I had some ability to understand what the context
actually was when really I just kept probing LLMs in different ways. 

We don't need to say Claude code. Claude is good enough.

We should be using clever ref for references. fig. 1 should be Figure 1. using
\Cref.
